there's no particular test of your
integrity when it comes to agreeing with
people whom you find agreeable there's
no particular challenge when you merely
join in the course of agreement with
your friends and we all face a test of
integrity when it comes to admitting
that our enemies are correct there's a
test of integrity when we have to admit
that people we may disagree with on 9
different issues are telling the truth
about the 10th issue on the tenth issue
they may be correct if I disagree with
Donald Trump about 9 out of 10 issues I
nevertheless must add the detachment and
the self-control to say to you and to
admit to myself that he's right if he's
right when he's right on that one issue
out of 10 although there are many many
issues on which I disagree with the
government of the People's Republic of
China this is not one of them incomplete
statistics show from 1990 to 2016
thousands of terrorist attacks had been
launched in singeing killing large
numbers of innocent people and hundreds
of police officers but most of the cases
have not been previously made public due
to the government's security concerns in
fact terrorists have struck all across
India and far beyond among some of the
worst incidents the 1997 eaning terror
attack which left seven dead and 198
wounded the 2009 moon rise which left
197 dead and over one thousand and seven
hundred wounded and the 2013 Salik boo
year attack which left a fifteen dead
and two wounded
Chinese experts say the july 5th
incident has strengthened international
terrorist support in shinjang it also
marked an expansion of the type of
attacks and not only in Xinjiang this
security video shows Hamish ed welding
terrorists from Shenyang attacked
commuters in southwest China's Yunnan
Province at the kunming railway station
in March 2014
they killed 31 people and wounded over
144 the diesel Hotel ago sweet uncle
g-shock approach on it lodges the most
full of those a lot of Fighters two
months after the cleaning incident five
terrorists ran their vehicles into
shoppers at the morning market in
shingen's regional capital who Moochie
setting off explosives
[Music]
they killed and wounded heart when all
children are cool if I gonna repeat 2014
saw a third attack in July in York and
County whose inaudible deaths and
casualties a truck driver hit his wife
in the backseat she was lucky and Escape
key
security has been on high alert outside
the region especially since the attacks
by shinjang terrorists at Tiananmen
Square in 2013 and the Queen railway
station in 2014 the horrific images an
alarming number of violent crimes reveal
the seriousness of the security
situation in China's western frontier
the unpredictability of the attacks
creates a mindset in which panic takes
root pushing Jinna does love you the
same gospel don't die yet atop there's
an element that lost wisdom my father
that we can do anything
de clemmy's amputation required two
operations of lead is not much in the
chaos of violence no one is safe not
even the attackers on July 31st 2011
terrorists / passers-by in Kashgar
killing six people the terrorists in the
video fell to the ground and was injured
when he detonated the explosive device
he was then slashed by his own nephew a
mental [ __ ]
vomiting well I really did not think I
would be lying to you if I said that I
have a lot
Muslim friends I would be lying to you
if I said I have any Muslim friends at
all and I'm not in the habit of lying to
my audience I do have one friend who was
born and raised Muslim buddies today an
atheist and he spoken with me about the
ongoing political events in Cinci and
with concern and interest over the last
year year and a half something like that
and I found that his most fundamental
misunderstanding of what has been going
on in sins yangon what still is was the
false assumption that the situation in
sin Chang was just fine before the
Chinese government began this crackdown
on this intervention this process of
forced assimilation the situation in
cynjohn before the government's
intervention was absolutely terrible I
would say that this documentary that
I've presented you some excerpts from I
would actually say it fails to convey
just how horrible the situation was both
in cynjohn and in normal cities across
China's conveying Beijing cities far
outside of Scindia the long shadow that
the cultural conflict between sin Shia
Muslims the Han Chinese had for the
whole country of China I'm really not
exaggerating it's impossible to
exaggerate the tension sure the absolute
body count in numbers was relatively
small but the impact this had in the
lives of normal Chinese people was
tremendous I was once sitting with one
of my professors and I said to him you
know Westerners don't understand that
almost everyone living in Beijing has
been robbed at knifepoint or swordpoint
by gangs of Scindia and Muslims this is
part of the way the two groups each
group perceives the other and my
professor became very quiet and he then
admitted to me that he himself had
robbed in this way in Beijing strong-arm
robbery by cgo Muslims
one of my Chinese teachers Chinese
language teachers she also admitted in a
similar conversation that she was robbed
strong-arm robbery by gang of cgo
Muslims when she was in Beijing I think
she was in Beijing as a university
student herself the time ie many years
ago um is it fair to say that the
mission the government of China has now
embarked on to resolve this tension
that's in part a political terrorist
tension and is in part a clash of two
irreconcilable cultures that china is it
fair to say that this is cultural
genocide my answer that question is yes
this is cultural genocide but we should
say in the same breath without any
hypocrisy that what the government of
the United States of America attempted
to do in Afghanistan also was cultural
genocide since the year 2001 as is well
known the United States of America
embarked on an unbelievably inefficient
military campaign to eliminate what
could be simply called the culture of
the Taliban the Taliban or a government
they were a religious movement and they
were representatives of a culture that
had really significant depth and breadth
of adherents it to a large extent
represented the people of the
countryside of Afghanistan they all
participated and the United States with
enormous military force and an enormous
budget attempted to destroy that culture
to marginalize that culture within its
own territory what they were trying to
do was eliminate that culture forever
and any talk about replacing the Taliban
with moderate Islam is really propaganda
of a very self-serving type and likewise
the same propaganda doesn't make more
sense or left less sense if you now
attributed to the government of China
and pretend that the government of China
is just
trying to replace extremism with
moderate Islam such excuses and
justifications exist everywhere now the
American effort in Afghanistan has had
an unbelievably large body count and it
still continues to have an unbelievably
large body count month by month year by
year I would urge you to take the time
to read the annual reports and the
monthly reports the United Nations
publishes on just how many people have
been killed and still are being killed
and Afghanistan to this day so even if
we examine the cultural project that the
United States embarked on and compare it
to the cultural project that the
government of China is embarked on we
have to say the body count for what
China is doing and how it is doing it is
much much lower the negative impacts are
much more limited does that mean it's
okay does that mean it's good does that
mean that you or I or the so-called
international community are going to
stand up and applaud cultural genocide
in one scenario any more or any less
than the other at a typical language
clause two teachers are instructing at
the same time speaking in both Mandarin
and legal languages to the students we
believe teaching students mentoring will
make it easier for them to communicate
with people with different ethnicities
and learning legal language is equally
important because it's part of their
ethnic identity togetherness basa
[Music]
bilingual education is now a common
feature in Rieger kindergartens and
schools a change on improved educational
quality has led to more weaker parents
willingly putting their children in
local kindergartens
a couple blocks from the kindergarten
this here saloon tells another story
about the change that this village of
3,000 people has experienced women in
our village used to be afraid to go to
the hair salon putting on makeup or even
dressing themselves because those things
were not allowed in the eyes of
extremists now the environment has
changed tell you one thing the war in
Afghanistan could be described as a war
in which the richest country in the
world laid siege to some of the poorest
people in the world namely the Taliban
and the richest country in the world
bankrupted itself in the effort not just
to exterminate a particular group of
fighters not a particular battalion of
soldiers the richest country in the
world bankrupted itself trying to commit
an act of cultural genocide against the
Taliban to lead there not just one set
of religious views but the whole culture
that provided the the bedrock for you
know terrorism to flourish on that was
what they wanted to eliminate and they
failed everyone knows that if the United
States now withdraws its military
presence the presence from Afghanistan
the Taliban will resume control of that
country the methods Communist China is
using now go ahead and compare them to
what Canada did to Canada's own
indigenous peoples go ahead and compare
them to what the Americans did to
America's indigenous peoples and draw
your own conclusions and make the
comparison between both brutality and
the outcomes of what China is doing in
cynjohn and what America has been doing
in Afghanistan we're all going to have
to reflect five years from now ten years
from now 15 years from now on what China
did in cynjohn as one of the first
examples in the history of the world of
militant atheism being put into practice
of a government
openly saying to one group of its
citizens either you become members of a
modern secular society or else you will
live in internment camps forever and
when it's defined that precisely it has
to be said that what China is doing is
fundamentally unlike any other example
of cultural genocide we've seen before
and what they're doing is partly an
educational process and it is partly a
vocational training process and it is
partly a process of building new schools
and just improving the quality of
services offered to people in cynjohn
there is both a carrot and a stick to
the method if you look at details the
carrot is just as real as the stick it's
there to be there to be studied and
there to be learned from and you can
compare that to what the United States
of America did in Afghanistan where they
just dropped bombs and told people to
surrender and told people to participate
in a democratic process that they from
their culture and in their set of
religious beliefs a democratic process
they didn't believe in that they've
regarded as evils on and so forth you
can see just how grim the outcomes of
the American intervention are even with
a budget in the trillions of dollars if
you are to judge what China is doing now
as bad in its methods bad and it's means
bad and its motives bad in its outcomes
well well there's a very interesting
reckoning to be made if we look at how
the United States France England how the
so-called international community has
been dealing with Muslim extremism in
Afghanistan in Africa with examples like
Boko Haram both in terms of the
brutality and in terms of the outcomes
cultural genocide a re-evaluation in the
21st century